here we go hi I'm Karen I flew first so
I we talked about this little bit in the
face of session so I should be able to
skip through a few bits cool so hi I'm
Alex I'm JavaScript developer at
protocol hours of working up your fare
so I'm making brain on the Internet
cool NPR my PFS like what is it I need
these things come back thank you okay
yeah anyway so yeah so it is a way to
install your dependencies on IP NPM
everyone knows an NPM is largest package
manager in the world over a million
modules on it way over 36 billion
downloads a month which is absolutely
enormous ipfs we want our professors we
are here distributed file system content
address blah blah blah I used to build
distributed applications so we are
running a mirror of ipfs of NPM sorry on
ipfs and it exists at registry
Dorchester first up IO which you can use
by appending these arguments to your
client of choice NPM or yarn but this is
super boring it's over HTTP we
definitely don't want that
how does it worked well so there are
some registry mirrors there's an engine
X node in front of there and it
distributes the load to the mirrors the
mirrors are connected to the RPF s
network everything has a CID so the when
you get a tarball down it has been
fetched over IP FS by your connection is
still to nginx over HTTPS if tedious
this is how you use it this is no wait
this is the future OPF OPF smpm what
this is it's a wrapping of the NPM
client to give it an IP FS back-end or
IV on you know we can use you on to
we're all friends time for a quick demo
so if I have my machine so I'm gonna
install
and still am PA an obvious npm oh my
gosh
hmm oh I didn't write that I forgot to
type in stalling for time okay so some
NPM noise whatever super boring
and yeah it's installed ipfs NPM so if I
do if I just write book standard you can
see that it's just like it's showing me
the normal kind of NPM noise so we don't
we haven't reimplemented NPM that would
be nonsense it is just a wrapping of the
client so everything that you pass to as
an argument gets gets passed on through
to NPM so so I can do things like so
whatever so I've just created that so
now we can see in the folder there is a
package Jason Jason that's cool so yeah
so there we go so I've created this
project by just treating this like I
would do normally yeah so I can do
things like install packages and save so
this is going to stop and I feel this
node it's gonna you entirely stage Brian
this is awful can I go again can I start
again any wait so you're gonna run it
I'm gonna run it so we start this proxy
server it's connected to things it's
it's warming its realizes
new version it's got a CID from
somewhere and it's totally used it and
it's installed it and it's update my
package log file
oh my god so there we go so now we have
like node modules not LDR not linking
anything Jules what tweet is it screw so
it's incredible whoa amazing fun right
so this is great there's more I can't
talk about it come and talk to me other
science fair I'm doing there's a really
fun stuff this is how it works is a
thing notes is the thing in the next
wave energy distributed publishing is
gonna be amazing
we're gonna gonna do a few minute bugs
we're gonna be fun thank you very much
[Applause]